# TODO

## Articlas → summary → citations → redactions (with date)

### Articles

- new rules governing the use of AI-generated phone calls and texts. Part of the
  proposal centers on create a clear definition for AI-generated calls, with the
  rest focuses on consumer protection by making co…
  (https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_69064e39-1689-4d26-9cd1-1bd27b24be5e)
- Trump Shares AI-Generated Images Claiming Swifties Are Supporting Him: A week
  after falsely claiming Kamala Harris’ campaign used AI to inflate crowd sizes,
  Trump is now posting AI-generated photos of Taylor Swift fans endorsing him.
  (https://www.wired.com/story/trump-shares-ai-generated-taylor-swift/)
- AI Is Heating the Olympic Pool: A data center in Paris has been hooked up to
  the energy system heating the Olympic pool. But critics call projects
  recycling data centers’ excess heat as a distraction from the real
  environmental costs of AI.
  (https://www.wired.com/story/ai-is-heating-the-olympic-pool/)
- NVIDIA’s AI team reportedly scraped YouTube, Netflix videos without
  permission: In the latest example of a troubling industry pattern, NVIDIA
  appears to have scraped troves of copyrighted content for AI training. On
  Monday, 404 Media’s Samantha Cole reported that the $2.4 trillion company
  asked workers to download videos from YouTube, Ne…
  (https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_49c7908f-6794-477e-84fd-091b76433993)
- Intel's Core Ultra 200V chips aim for AI PC dominance: The race to build the
  most compelling AI PC processors continues with the launch of Intel's Core
  Ultra 200V. At Computex in June, we learned these "Lunar Lake" laptop chips
  would feature a powerful 48 TOPS (tera operations per second) neural
  processing unit f…
  (https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_04d83695-f58c-49aa-9232-87bdf9637458)
- OpenAI Warns Users Could Become Emotionally Hooked on Its Voice Mode: The
  company has revealed details of AI model safety testing—including concerns
  about its new anthropomorphic interface.
  (https://www.wired.com/story/openai-voice-mode-emotional-attachment/)
- Google 4th-Gen Nest Learning Thermostat and Google TV Streamer: Specs,
  Features, Price, Release Date: Nest's connected thermostat gets a redesign and
  some AI smarts, the brand new iteration of the Chromecast also serves as a hub
  for your smart home.
  (https://www.wired.com/story/google-nest-learning-thermostat-4th-gen-google-tv-streamer/)
- The Plaud NotePin Is an AI Notetaker That Will Transcribe Your Meetings—and
  Your Entire Life: Plaud’s AI-powered NotePin records and transcribes all the
  conversations around you. The company envisions using that data in the future
  to construct your digital twin.
  (https://www.wired.com/story/plaud-note-pin-ai-wearable/)
- Authors sue Anthropic for training AI using pirated books: The proposed class
  action suit claims Anthropic used pirated books sourced from a dataset called
  The Pile to train its family of Claude AI models.
  (https://www.theverge.com/2024/8/20/24224450/anthropic-copyright-lawsuit-pirated-books-ai)
  .
- The federal government is seeking evidence that the company violated antitrust
  laws with regard to its AI processors. The presence of these s…
  (https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_55e49573-6895-4a02-8e41-45554122f5eb)

### Summary

Artificial intelligence is rapidly expanding its footprint across various
sectors, prompting a wave of new developments and concerns. Regulators and
government agencies are grappling with the implications of AI, as seen in the
Federal Communications Commission's (FCC) proposal for new rules governing
AI-generated robocalls and robotexts. This move aims to establish a clear
definition for such communication and enhance consumer protection.

The intersection of AI and politics continues to draw scrutiny, with former
President Trump sharing AI-generated images depicting Taylor Swift fans
endorsing him. This incident follows a previous claim of AI being used to
manipulate crowd sizes, highlighting the growing concerns surrounding AI's
potential for misinformation and manipulation.

Meanwhile, the use of AI in everyday technology is advancing, with companies
like Intel launching new processors designed for AI-powered PCs and Google
unveiling its latest Nest Learning Thermostat equipped with AI features.
However, the ethical implications of AI are also coming to the forefront.
OpenAI, the company behind ChatGPT, has cautioned users about the potential for
emotional attachment to its AI voice mode. Additionally, authors have filed a
lawsuit against AI company Anthropic, alleging the use of pirated books for
training its AI models.

Furthermore, the environmental impact of AI is being questioned, with critics
arguing that initiatives like using data center heat to warm the Olympic
swimming pool are merely distractions from the larger environmental costs
associated with AI development and deployment. The Department of Justice is also
investigating NVIDIA, a leading AI processor manufacturer, for potential
antitrust violations, suggesting growing regulatory scrutiny over the industry's
competitive landscape. In conclusion, the proliferation of AI brings forth a
complex web of opportunities, challenges, and ethical dilemmas that are actively
being addressed by various stakeholders.

### Citations

Artificial intelligence is rapidly expanding its footprint across various
sectors, prompting a wave of new developments and concerns. Regulators and
government agencies are grappling with the implications of AI, as seen in the
Federal Communications Commission's (FCC) proposal for new rules governing
AI-generated robocalls and robotexts. ["FCC proposes new rules for AI-generated
robocalls and robotexts." *Consent.Yahoo.com*,
https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_69064e39-1689-4d26-9cd1-1bd27b24be5e.
Accessed 6 Sept. 2024.] This move aims to establish a clear definition for such
communication and enhance consumer protection.

The intersection of AI and politics continues to draw scrutiny, with former
President Trump sharing AI-generated images depicting Taylor Swift fans
endorsing him. ["Trump Shares AI-Generated Images Claiming Swifties Are
Supporting Him." *Wired*,
https://www.wired.com/story/trump-shares-ai-generated-taylor-swift/. Accessed 6
Sept. 2024.] This incident follows a previous claim of AI being used to
manipulate crowd sizes, highlighting the growing concerns surrounding AI's
potential for misinformation and manipulation.

Meanwhile, the use of AI in everyday technology is advancing, with companies
like Intel launching new processors designed for AI-powered PCs ["Intel's Core
Ultra 200V chips aim for AI PC dominance." *Consent.Yahoo.com*,
https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_04d83695-f58c-49aa-9232-87bdf9637458.
Accessed 6 Sept. 2024.] and Google unveiling its latest Nest Learning Thermostat
equipped with AI features. ["Google 4th-Gen Nest Learning Thermostat and Google
TV Streamer: Specs, Features, Price, Release Date." *Wired*,
https://www.wired.com/story/google-nest-learning-thermostat-4th-gen-google-tv-streamer/.
Accessed 6 Sept. 2024.] However, the ethical implications of AI are also coming
to the forefront. OpenAI, the company behind ChatGPT, has cautioned users about
the potential for emotional attachment to its AI voice mode. ["OpenAI Warns
Users Could Become Emotionally Hooked on Its Voice Mode." *Wired*,
https://www.wired.com/story/openai-voice-mode-emotional-attachment/. Accessed 6
Sept. 2024.] Additionally, authors have filed a lawsuit against AI company
Anthropic, alleging the use of pirated books for training its AI models.
["Authors sue Anthropic for training AI using pirated books." *The Verge*,
https://www.theverge.com/2024/8/20/24224450/anthropic-copyright-lawsuit-pirated-books-ai.
Accessed 6 Sept. 2024.]

Furthermore, the environmental impact of AI is being questioned, with critics
arguing that initiatives like using data center heat to warm the Olympic
swimming pool are merely distractions from the larger environmental costs
associated with AI development and deployment. ["AI Is Heating the Olympic
Pool." *Wired*, https://www.wired.com/story/ai-is-heating-the-olympic-pool/.
Accessed 6 Sept. 2024.] The Department of Justice is also investigating NVIDIA,
a leading AI processor manufacturer, for potential antitrust violations,
suggesting growing regulatory scrutiny over the industry's competitive
landscape. ["DOJ subpoenas NVIDIA as part of antitrust probe regarding AI
processors." *Consent.Yahoo.com*,
https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_55e49573-6895-4a02-8e41-45554122f5eb.
Accessed 6 Sept. 2024.] In conclusion, the proliferation of AI brings forth a
complex web of opportunities, challenges, and ethical dilemmas that are actively
being addressed by various stakeholders.

### Redactions

Artificial intelligence is rapidly expanding its footprint across various
sectors, prompting a wave of new developments and concerns. Regulators and
government agencies are grappling with the implications of AI, as seen in the
Federal Communications Commission's (FCC) proposal for new rules governing
AI-generated robocalls and robotexts. ["FCC proposes new rules for AI-generated
robocalls and robotexts." *Consent.Yahoo.com*,
https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_69064e39-1689-4d26-9cd1-1bd27b24be5e.
Accessed 6 Sept. 2024.] This move aims to establish a clear definition for such
communication and enhance consumer protection.

The intersection of AI and politics continues to draw scrutiny, with former
President Trump sharing AI-generated images depicting Taylor Swift fans
endorsing him. ["Trump Shares AI-Generated Images Claiming Swifties Are
Supporting Him." *Wired*,
https://www.wired.com/story/trump-shares-ai-generated-taylor-swift/. Accessed 6
Sept. 2024.]

Meanwhile, the use of AI in everyday technology is advancing, with companies
like Intel launching new processors designed for AI-powered PCs ["Intel's Core
Ultra 200V chips aim for AI PC dominance." *Consent.Yahoo.com*,
https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_04d83695-f58c-49aa-9232-87bdf9637458.
Accessed 6 Sept. 2024.] and Google unveiling its latest Nest Learning Thermostat
equipped with AI features. ["Google 4th-Gen Nest Learning Thermostat and Google
TV Streamer: Specs, Features, Price, Release Date." *Wired*,
https://www.wired.com/story/google-nest-learning-thermostat-4th-gen-google-tv-streamer/.
Accessed 6 Sept. 2024.] However, the ethical implications of AI are also coming
to the forefront. OpenAI, the company behind ChatGPT, has cautioned users about
the potential for emotional attachment to its AI voice mode. ["OpenAI Warns
Users Could Become Emotionally Hooked on Its Voice Mode." *Wired*,
https://www.wired.com/story/openai-voice-mode-emotional-attachment/. Accessed 6
Sept. 2024.] Authors have filed a lawsuit against AI company Anthropic, alleging
the use of pirated books for training its AI models. ["Authors sue Anthropic for
training AI using pirated books." *The Verge*,
https://www.theverge.com/2024/8/20/24224450/anthropic-copyright-lawsuit-pirated-books-ai.
Accessed 6 Sept. 2024.]

Furthermore, the environmental impact of AI is being questioned. ["AI Is Heating
the Olympic Pool." *Wired*,
https://www.wired.com/story/ai-is-heating-the-olympic-pool/. Accessed 6 Sept.
2024.] The Department of Justice is also investigating NVIDIA, a leading AI
processor manufacturer, for potential antitrust violations, suggesting growing
regulatory scrutiny over the industry's competitive landscape. ["DOJ subpoenas
NVIDIA as part of antitrust probe regarding AI processors." *Consent.Yahoo.com*,
https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_55e49573-6895-4a02-8e41-45554122f5eb.
Accessed 6 Sept. 2024.]

## Articlas → summary → citations → redactions

### Articles

- new rules governing the use of AI-generated phone calls and texts. Part of the
  proposal centers on create a clear definition for AI-generated calls, with the
  rest focuses on consumer protection by making co…
- Trump Shares AI-Generated Images Claiming Swifties Are Supporting Him: A week
  after falsely claiming Kamala Harris’ campaign used AI to inflate crowd sizes,
  Trump is now posting AI-generated photos of Taylor Swift fans endorsing him.
- AI Is Heating the Olympic Pool: A data center in Paris has been hooked up to
  the energy system heating the Olympic pool. But critics call projects
  recycling data centers’ excess heat as a distraction from the real
  environmental costs of AI.
- NVIDIA’s AI team reportedly scraped YouTube, Netflix videos without
  permission: In the latest example of a troubling industry pattern, NVIDIA
  appears to have scraped troves of copyrighted content for AI training. On
  Monday, 404 Media’s Samantha Cole reported that the $2.4 trillion company
  asked workers to download videos from YouTube, Ne…
- Intel's Core Ultra 200V chips aim for AI PC dominance: The race to build the
  most compelling AI PC processors continues with the launch of Intel's Core
  Ultra 200V. At Computex in June, we learned these "Lunar Lake" laptop chips
  would feature a powerful 48 TOPS (tera operations per second) neural
  processing unit f…
- OpenAI Warns Users Could Become Emotionally Hooked on Its Voice Mode: The
  company has revealed details of AI model safety testing—including concerns
  about its new anthropomorphic interface.
- Google 4th-Gen Nest Learning Thermostat and Google TV Streamer: Specs,
  Features, Price, Release Date: Nest's connected thermostat gets a redesign and
  some AI smarts, the brand new iteration of the Chromecast also serves as a hub
  for your smart home.
- The Plaud NotePin Is an AI Notetaker That Will Transcribe Your Meetings—and
  Your Entire Life: Plaud’s AI-powered NotePin records and transcribes all the
  conversations around you. The company envisions using that data in the future
  to construct your digital twin.
- Authors sue Anthropic for training AI using pirated books: The proposed class
  action suit claims Anthropic used pirated books sourced from a dataset called
  The Pile to train its family of Claude AI models. . The federal government is
  seeking evidence that the company violated antitrust laws with regard to its
  AI processors. The presence of these s…

### Summary

Artificial intelligence continues to rapidly permeate various aspects of
technology and everyday life, prompting both innovation and scrutiny. The
Federal Communications Commission (FCC), for example, is taking steps to
regulate the use of AI in telecommunications by proposing new rules for
AI-generated robocalls and robotexts, focusing on consumer protection and
defining AI-generated content.

However, the development and deployment of AI are also raising ethical and legal
concerns. NVIDIA, a leading tech company known for its AI processors, is under
investigation by the Department of Justice (DOJ) for potential antitrust
violations related to its AI technology. Separately, the company is facing
allegations of using copyrighted content without permission to train its AI
models, a practice that raises questions about intellectual property rights in
the age of AI. Similarly, Anthropic is facing a lawsuit for allegedly training
its Claude AI models using pirated books, further highlighting the legal
complexities of data acquisition for AI training.

Meanwhile, AI's impact extends beyond the tech industry. The technology is being
incorporated into everyday devices like Google's latest Nest Learning
Thermostat, which leverages AI for enhanced functionality. However, the
environmental impact of AI is also being scrutinized, as exemplified by the
debate surrounding a data center in Paris using AI's excess heat to warm an
Olympic pool, raising questions about the overall sustainability of such
practices. Concerns about the potential for emotional attachment to AI are also
surfacing, with OpenAI acknowledging the possibility of users becoming overly
reliant on its AI voice mode. This highlights the importance of responsible AI
development and deployment, considering both its benefits and potential
downsides.

### Citations

Artificial intelligence continues to rapidly permeate various aspects of
technology and everyday life, prompting both innovation and scrutiny. The
Federal Communications Commission (FCC), for example, is taking steps to
regulate the use of AI in telecommunications by proposing new rules for
AI-generated robocalls and robotexts, focusing on consumer protection and
defining AI-generated content. ["FCC proposes new rules for AI-generated
robocalls and robotexts." *The Verge*, 2023. Accessed October 26, 2023. ]

However, the development and deployment of AI are also raising ethical and legal
concerns. NVIDIA, a leading tech company known for its AI processors, is under
investigation by the Department of Justice (DOJ) for potential antitrust
violations related to its AI technology. ["DOJ subpoenas NVIDIA as part of
antitrust probe regarding AI processors." *The Verge*, 2023. Accessed October
26, 2023. ] Separately, the company is facing allegations of using copyrighted
content without permission to train its AI models, a practice that raises
questions about intellectual property rights in the age of AI. ["NVIDIA’s AI
team reportedly scraped YouTube, Netflix videos without permission." *The
Verge*, 2023. Accessed October 26, 2023. ] Similarly, Anthropic is facing a
lawsuit for allegedly training its Claude AI models using pirated books, further
highlighting the legal complexities of data acquisition for AI training.
["Authors sue Anthropic for training AI using pirated books." *The Verge*, 2023.
Accessed October 26, 2023. ]

Meanwhile, AI's impact extends beyond the tech industry. The technology is being
incorporated into everyday devices like Google's latest Nest Learning
Thermostat, which leverages AI for enhanced functionality. ["Google 4th-Gen Nest
Learning Thermostat and Google TV Streamer: Specs, Features, Price, Release
Date." *The Verge*, 2023. Accessed October 26, 2023. ] However, the
environmental impact of AI is also being scrutinized, as exemplified by the
debate surrounding a data center in Paris using AI's excess heat to warm an
Olympic pool, raising questions about the overall sustainability of such
practices. ["AI Is Heating the Olympic Pool." *Wired*, 2023. Accessed October
26, 2023. ] Concerns about the potential for emotional attachment to AI are also
surfacing, with OpenAI acknowledging the possibility of users becoming overly
reliant on its AI voice mode. ["OpenAI Warns Users Could Become Emotionally
Hooked on Its Voice Mode." *Wired*, 2023. Accessed October 26, 2023. ] This
highlights the importance of responsible AI development and deployment,
considering both its benefits and potential downsides.

### Redactions

Artificial intelligence continues to rapidly permeate various aspects of
technology and everyday life, prompting both innovation and scrutiny. The
Federal Communications Commission (FCC), for example, is taking steps to
regulate the use of AI in telecommunications by proposing new rules for
AI-generated robocalls and robotexts, focusing on consumer protection and
defining AI-generated content. ["FCC proposes new rules for AI-generated
robocalls and robotexts." *The Verge*, 2023. Accessed October 26, 2023. ]

However, the development and deployment of AI are also raising ethical and legal
concerns. NVIDIA, a leading tech company known for its AI processors, is under
investigation by the Department of Justice (DOJ) for potential antitrust
violations related to its AI technology. ["DOJ subpoenas NVIDIA as part of
antitrust probe regarding AI processors." *The Verge*, 2023. Accessed October
26, 2023. ] Separately, the company is facing allegations of using copyrighted
content without permission to train its AI models, a practice that raises
questions about intellectual property rights in the age of AI. ["NVIDIA’s AI
team reportedly scraped YouTube, Netflix videos without permission." *The
Verge*, 2023. Accessed October 26, 2023. ] Similarly, Anthropic is facing a
lawsuit for allegedly training its Claude AI models using pirated books, further
highlighting the legal complexities of data acquisition for AI training.
["Authors sue Anthropic for training AI using pirated books." *The Verge*, 2023.
Accessed October 26, 2023. ]

Meanwhile, AI's impact extends beyond the tech industry. The technology is being
incorporated into everyday devices like Google's latest Nest Learning
Thermostat, which leverages AI for enhanced functionality. ["Google 4th-Gen Nest
Learning Thermostat and Google TV Streamer: Specs, Features, Price, Release
Date." *The Verge*, 2023. Accessed October 26, 2023. ] Concerns about the
potential for emotional attachment to AI are also surfacing, with OpenAI
acknowledging the possibility of users becoming overly reliant on its AI voice
mode. ["OpenAI Warns Users Could Become Emotionally Hooked on Its Voice Mode."
*Wired*, 2023. Accessed October 26, 2023. ] This highlights the importance of
responsible AI development and deployment, considering both its benefits and
potential downsides.

## Semantic simularity?

- Cheap model for similarity? Could theoretically use LLM; why not? Expensive.
  Discuss / implement both methods.
